Move FRs to productlane (#478)
directus/docs: content/community/2.contribution/3.feature-requests.md

## Opening a New Feature Request

New feature requests can be opened on our [Roadmap](https://roadmap.directus.io). Please add as much detail as possible. The less ambiguity around *how* a feature should work, the easier it is to review, triage, and develop a feature.

## Review Process

> We read and respond to all requests that come in to our product team. Once a feature request is something we intent to implement in the future, we put it on our roadmap for further upvoting and discussion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We read and respond to all requests that come in to our product team. Once a feature request is something we intend to implement in the future, we put it on our roadmap for further upvoting and discussion.
```

## Implementing Accepted Feature Requests

> It's important to note that Feature Requests on our roadmap are *not* an ordered list of things that will be worked on next. Even though we strive to prioritize what's being worked on based on community feedback, it's likely that there will be times when a feature request is blocked or deprioritized by something else that's prioritized by the team. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our Feature Requests roadmap shows what we're considering, not the order we'll build them. We prioritize heavily based on community feedback, but some requests may be delayed when other work takes precedence.
```
